Updates to order of operations and accurate steps in the readme for creating a project (#82)
pieces-app/example-typescript: README.md

> **If you are having issues with your installation, it is likely due to a conflict in Typescript versions - `npm uninstall typescript` - then go back and perform all other npm installations before reinstalling typescript again**.

## Creating a Project from Scratch

> Let's get started with the base of your new React project where we will learn about manipulating Pieces OS and creating our own assets locally on device. First we will create a directory for you project along with some dependancy setup:

Reviewer: [spelling] Just a few typos
```suggestion
Let's get started with the base of your new React project! We will do this by learning more about manipulating Pieces OS and creating our own assets locally on device. First, we will create a directory for you project along with some dependancy setup:
```

1. Create a directory for your project called <copilot-project> (or the name of your choice)
2. Open up a Terminal at the root of that directory, and run `npm uninstall typescript` to ensure you are starting fresh

>    - (optional) run `nvm install --lts` to check your node version 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - (optional) run `nvm install --lts` to check your  version of Node
```

3. From that same terminal window, use the `prefix` parameter in your install command to install your dependencies: `npm install --prefix ./ @pieces.app/pieces-os-copilot`

4. Install Dependencies with NPM with these three commands:

> ```bash

Reviewer: [question]: It looks like 2 commands. What's the 3rd one?
